Multiple Linear Regression Analysis
    Multiple linear regression allows for the combination of multiple variables to potentially increase the chance 
    of predicting the desired variable. This specific multiple linear regression, compares vehicle weight, 
    vehicle length, ground clearance, and spoiler angle against to the vehicle's miles per gallon. 
    The average slope of this model comes out to be about 2.5. This is primarily skewed by the larger positive 
    slopes of the vehicle length and ground clearance comparisons.
    One of the other results from this model shows that vehicle length and ground clearance both provide a non-random 
    amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset. By themselves, vehicle length only has about a 37% chance 
    to predict the mpg of the vehicle and ground clearance only has about a 11% to do so, but together combined with 
    vehicle weight and spoiler angle as well, the model has about a 70% chance to predict the mpg of the vehicle. 
    Even though 70% isn't a bad predictor, it still leaves a 30% chance that the prediction would be incorrect. I 
    think that additional variables should included into a new multiple linear regression to potently increase the
    chance of the mpg prediction being correct more often.

Suspension Coil Summary
    Below is the table of our summary findings.

    Min.  1st Qu. Median    Mean   3rd Qu.  Max. 
    1452    1498    1500    1499    1501    1542 

    Based on this data, the variance of the suspension coils does not exceed 100 pounds per square inch, though 
    it is close at a variance of 90 pounds per square inch. This means that based on this design qualification,
    all of the suspension coils meet the design specification.

Suspension Coil t-test
    Using a sample size of 50 to compare to the psi population data, the sample mean came to 1500.18 while the 
    population mean is equal to 1498.78. Even if our significance level was at the low value of 0.1 percent, our p-value is still above our significance 
    level at 0.22. Therefore, we do not have sufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis, and have to 
    state that the two means are statistically similar. This disproves the alternative hypothesis that the
    true mean is not equal to 1498.78.

Further Analysis
    As a consumer, I think the following metrics would be highly valuable to be able to compare to other manufacturers:
        average vehicle cost, 
        average fuel efficiency, 
        average engine performance, 
        number of vehicle model types, 
        number of color variations, 
        average vehicle life, 
        average length of warranty

    When comparing these metrics to other manufacturers, the main question is, are Mecha Car's vehicles performing
    in these respects better, the same or worse then their competitors. Each metric is separate because different 
    consumers are concerned with different metrics, but if the overall trend leans one direction then that can
    also give a good indication of the quality of the vehicles. 

    The best way to compare each metric this through the multiple one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) tests. 
    Each AWOVA test would have the dependent variable be one of the above metrics and the independent valuable
    would be Vehicle Manufacturers. The null hypothesis of each of the test would be that there is no difference
    between manufacturers. The alternative hypothesis is that one manufacturer is superior to the others in 
    respect to the tested metric.

    To perform these tests properly, a list of all available vehicle manufacturers would need to be created and
    then, preferably from an unbiased source, the data for each metric would need to be collected. These tests 
    are more for giving management a quick broad overview of crucial aspects of their vehicles that customers would 
    be interested in. Once these tests are completed, management will have a better idea on what aspects of their
    product needs to be improved to compete with their competitors.
